Make the other installation suppliers work for daemon toolchain detection too (#28877)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/authoring-builds/other/build_environment.adoc

include::sample[dir="snippets/tutorial/environmentVariables/kotlin",files="build.gradle.kts[tags=execution]"]
include::sample[dir="snippets/tutorial/environmentVariables/groovy",files="build.gradle[tags=execution]"]
====

[[sec:daemon_jvm_criteria]]
== Controlling JVM used by the build

NOTE: Daemon JVM discovery and Daemon JVM criteria are <<feature_lifecycle.adoc#sec:incubating_state,incubating>> features and are subject to change in a future release.

By default, Gradle will try to use the same JVM installation to run the build as the client VM that starts the build.

> A different JVM installation can be specified for the build by using the `org.gradle.java.home` property or programmatically through the Tooling API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A different JVM installation can be specified for the build using the `org.gradle.java.home` property or programmatically through the Tooling API.
```

Daemon JVM criteria is a new feature to express the build's JVM requirements.

> In a similar way to the `wrapper` task capturing the current Gradle version, the built-in task `updateDaemonJvm` records the JVM requirements for the build based on the current JVM installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `wrapper` task, which captures the current Gradle version, the built-in `updateDaemonJvm` task records the JVM requirements for the build based on the current JVM installation.
```

Gradle currently only considers the major JVM version when checking compatibility.

> On subsequent builds, Gradle will use the JVM requirements to locate a compatible JVM installation using the same underlying mechanisms as <<toolchains.adoc, Java Toolchains>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle will use the JVM requirements on subsequent builds to locate a compatible JVM installation using the same underlying mechanisms as <<toolchains.adoc, Java Toolchains>>.
```
